---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

**About**
===============

Hi, I am Lubo!

This page is an open-source project that aims to show capabilities of Open Source NLP/LLM tooling improving the way we consume YouTube content. Here we have a web application that can automatically summarize and transcribe YouTube videos, allowing users to quickly grasp the essence of any video.

**Project Overview**
-------------------

This project is hosted on GitHub as a GitHub Page ([https://github.com/nirabo/nirabo.github.io](https://github.com/nirabo/nirabo.github.io)), uses natural language processing (NLP) techniques to extract the most important information from YouTube videos. The algorithm analyzes the video's audio and generates a concise summary, making it easier for viewers to understand the content.

**Disclaimer**
--------------

Please note that ALL content generated by our project is automatically generated and may not always reflect the opinions or views of the creators or owners of the original content. I (Lyuboslav Petrov) do not bear any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or legality of the transcriptions and summaries provided.

**Get Involved!**
-----------------

If you disagree with a given transcription or summary, I encourage you to open a pull request (PR) to challenge and improve it! This project is open-source, and I rely on community contributions to make it better. Your feedback and suggestions are invaluable in helping me refine ze algorithm and provide more accurate results.

Thank you for visiting!